All seven deadly sins

[001] Greed - pic of umm festival? liyue lmao
If we can have all the time in the world, the first thing I would do is to go out with you.
We will visit the place we have never been before, somewhere that make our strolling never sore.
My dear, where shall we go today? We will go north and south, east and west, to the sea and the mountain, and to the sky and beyond.
As long as I am with you, I am happy to be anywhere.

If we can have all the time in the world, the first thing I would do is to spend time with you.
to have fun at the arcade, to enjoy food in fancy restautants, to watch the broadway, and to indulge in the night stroll, together, together.
Should we hold hand while walking, dear? and a hug, and kiss, with another kiss!
In the end of the day we will stay at some nice places, though at night we won't get tired less.
(sorry for my poor eloquence qwq)
 
[002] Envy
---
You are mine, and will always be mine

[003] lion - send via email
In this past 7 years, I have angered you a lot of time
whether it is a small insignificant or something that could decide our relationship
I am sorry
I may sometimes have done it because I am being annoyed by many other things and vented it on you
I know I should have matured a lot, but I can't help worrying that I will do that again
I love you, and I don't want to make our bond loosen again
I know you love me, but just tell me if you are not ok with something that telling me would be better
I will be there listening to your story
here is a picture of cat https://twitter.com/cat_anko3/status/1617422983580241920/photo/1

[004] Sloth - the sea, scenery, blue sky
I once imagine that we live somewhere that is far, far away from everything we know before.
Somewhere, like a village, that isolate from this mundane world.
Together with you I laze around, blabblering nonsense from yesterday and watching the sun sets over the horizon, while the wind breeze through our face.
I would skip all the work just to be there, just to be with you, just to spend time with you.
When I woke up, I will see your face everyday, my mind will go numb and continue sleeping beside you.
Tomorrow I will be with you the whole day, from the bed to the end, and the day after tomorrow, and the day after that, and another day after that
so on and so on.
Being with you, even when we do nothing, really soothen my heart.
I wish to be there with you at the end of everything.
One day


[005] Gluttony - word cloud as eyes shape
I am lonely...
I am truly shy, or introvert, yet sometimes I am still craving for attention.
help me...
make me feel like what have I done is worth something.
I am here for you, will you be here for me?
I love you, do you love me?
I love you more, I will love you more.
give me your being, I will take care of you.
I want to taste you more...
make me feel like I achieve you at least.
you are an apple of my eyes, you are my half of everything, a truly adamant being
I am yours, you are mine.
you are my obsession, my possession, my olibgation.   
burn me into your every spark of you
kill me
become one of me, I will become one of you
love me, truly love me
I love you so much, I will take you as an exchange
let me consume you whole
I will shape you into the like of mine
utter my name more
I devote myself to you, the first and the last of my destiny
tainted being like me will only tarnish your existence, do you still want to continue?
I will prove my worth towards you
If you wish, I will spill every praise and profanity for you
My dear, my lovely dear.
I will embrace you whole until there is nothing left abandoned
make my head splatter all over the place
I will sqeeze and savour every drop from you
I understand everything from the tip to the toe of you
you are and wilt be cherished to death
nothing will separate you from me, only you can do if you wish to
obey me

[006] Lust - 



[007] Pride
Sandy, as known as Sandist, as known as Sandisticx, as known as Jhin Maniac, as known as former cocoa-de-long owner, as known as Tinn lover, as known as Tinn beloved
- is cute as fuck
- is excellent for cuddling, hugging, and kissing
- is having an upcoming marriage with Tinn
- is chaotic playful but become more serious when talking about love
- is sociable and talkative than sandy thought to be
- is great at drawing
- is listening to mystery and crime podcast
- is facing hardship so many times that I ought to hug her all night
- is reasonable, even self-concioius about Sandy's own feeling and know when things got irrational
- is not your typical girly type which make sandy special
- is always here for me ;w;
- has based broken humor as Tinn
- is as hot as one can be, especially in bed 
- is submissive so much that cannot act to be dominant :D
- 